Add NOTE about default processing_configuration parameters (#14943)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/kinesis_firehose_delivery_stream.html.markdown

* `parameter_name` - (Required) Parameter name. Valid Values: `LambdaArn`, `NumberOfRetries`, `RoleArn`, `BufferSizeInMBs`, `BufferIntervalInSeconds`
* `parameter_value` - (Required) Parameter value. Must be between 1 and 512 length (inclusive). When providing a Lambda ARN, you should specify the resource version as well.

> ~> **NOTE:** Parameters with default values are not stored with terraform state so appear as changes. `NumberOfRetries`(3), `RoleArn`(firehose role ARN), `BufferSizeInMBs`(3), `BufferIntervalInSeconds`(60). It is therefore recommended to include only parameters without default values.

Reviewer: Nit: a bit of rewording to specify the terraform behavior
```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** Parameters with default values, including `NumberOfRetries` (default: 3), `RoleArn`(default: firehose role ARN), `BufferSizeInMBs`(default: 3), and `BufferIntervalInSeconds`(default: 60), are not stored in terraform state. To prevent perpetual differences, it is therefore recommended to only include parameters with non-default values.
```
